feat(toolchain): support specifying x.y versions in transitions (#1720)
bazelbuild/rules_python: CHANGELOG.md

* New Python versions available: `3.11.7`, `3.12.1` using
  https://github.com/indygreg/python-build-standalone/releases/tag/20240107.

> * (toolchain) Allow setting `x.y` as the `python_version` parameter in
>   `py_binary` and `py_test` with transitions. This allows the users to
>   use the same rule import for testing with specific Python versions and
>   rely on toolchain configuration and how the latest version takes precedence
>   if e.g. `3.8` is selected. That also simplifies `.bazelrc` for any users
>   that set the default `python_version` string flag in that way.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (toolchain) Allow setting `x.y` as the `python_version` parameter in
  the version-aware `py_binary` and `py_test` rules. This allows users to
  use the same rule import for testing with specific Python versions and
  rely on toolchain configuration and how the latest version takes precedence
  if e.g. `3.8` is selected. That also simplifies `.bazelrc` for any users
  that set the default `python_version` string flag in that way.
```
